I'm going to the set in a few days
We may not receive it for several days.
Are you okay?
Don't you want to apologize for me first?
Ok don't be angry
Go to work
Drive safely on the road
Get out faster
If you are bullied, remember to lock it.
Ok husband
Sure enough, I still have your brother.
Humph sample
The host female host Su Nie is here
Coming for you
Hey, does Miss Song need to touch up her makeup?
No, I heard a friend came
Come and see
Hello Shengnuan
I am Su Nian
I've heard of you.
Really? What have you heard?
Well, I heard you sing and dance pretty well.
It's been very popular recently.
I'm very good at it, haven't you heard of it?
Oh, I think so.
What do you say?
This is insane
Ah, then you can put on your makeup first, so I won't bother you.
Why did he leave after they finished talking?
Host, you are socially unfeared
Who can resist it, haha.